# v1.1.0

## Major Changes

### Drawing

All players can now draw on the map. I envision this feature working in three ways.

1. Drawing a solid colour (like black) to create a fog of war before inviting players to the session then when playing using the erase tool to unveil rooms when they enter. I like being able to join the fog of war system and drawing system into one but this is one that I'm going to keep an eye on and if it could work better as a separate system I'll revisit it.
2. Drawing blended colours to create either temporary or permanent spell effects on the map. To help with this I created an auto-shape feature which when enabled when you draw on the map it will detect whether you were trying to draw a rectangle, triangle or a circle and draw a clean version of the shape for you. You can see this in the video with the dragon breath.
3. Drawing on the fly maps. If you prefer drawing your maps on the fly the drawing feature should work well for that as players are rendered on top of the shapes. To help with drawing gridded maps there is also a grid snap feature where all the shapes you draw will snap to the grid.

To access the drawing feature there is a new map controls expandable menu on the right hand side of the map. There you will see the previous option for uploading a map as well as the pan, draw and erase tool and finally undo and redo buttons.
To access options for the brush with the brush tool selected click it once more and a sub menu will open up for colours and tool options (like auto-shape or opacity blend). A sub menu also exists for the erase tool in order to erase all shapes.

## Minor Changes

- When uploading a map the file name will be checked to auto-populate the map grid sizing boxes
- Opening the token menu for labels and status effects has been moved from a long press to a tap, the long press was too hard on touch screen devices
- Moved the Stripe payment library (used for the donation button) to be fully loaded dynamically to avoid running for people who haven't donated
- With the added colours for map drawing the token status rings have more colour options

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OwlbearRodeo/comments/g5d00w/beta_v110_release_drawing_and_fog_of_war/)
