## Major Changes

### Saved Maps

Added the ability to load and save multiple maps also added a selection of default maps.
The map upload modal now shows a grid of maps at first this will be the new set of default maps (Blank, Grass, Sand, Stone, Water and Wood) but when you add your own they will show here as well.

### Edit Permissions

With a map selected on the import map section there is now a drop down where you can toggle three edit permissions on and off.

- Fog - when the fog option is off only the owner of the map can edit the fog, when it is on anyone can edit the fog (default off).
- Drawings - when the drawing option is off only the map owner can draw on the map, when it is on anyone can draw (default on).
- Tokens - when the token option is off the map owner can edit any token but others can only edit tokens that they have placed on the map. When this option is on anyone can edit all tokens (default on).

### Revamped Drawing and Fog Tools

Taking in the feedback from the last release the drawing and fog tools have been completely overhauled.
First fog and drawing have been separated into three tools. The first is the fog tool which should now be a lot more suited for fog of war. The main features of the fog tool are:

1. With the tool selected the fog will become transparent allowing you to quickly see the map below, it also means that when drawing new fog shapes you can see the map below making it easier to line up.
2. A new magnetic edge snapping setting makes drawing fog that is joined with other parts of fog easier.
3. A new toggle fog option allows you to toggle fog on and off when running encounters.

The second tool is a new brush tool. The main update to this tool is a new line only drawing option which is good for making plans or annotations. The auto-shape detection has been removed in favour of the third tool.

The third tool is a new shape tool, hopefully this should be more precise then the auto-shape option from v1.1. Rectangles, circles and triangles can be created by selecting a point and dragging outwards to create the required shape. While drawing shapes they will snap to the grid to make it easier draw area of effect spells.

## Minor Changes

- Added a settings screen that can be accessed with the cog icon on the bottom left of the screen, here you can delete local data or change to the new Light mode UI.
- Light mode, changes the UI to a light theme for those who prefer it.
- Normalised zoom speed across operating systems, this should hopefully make the map easier to zoom on Windows.
- Fixed a bug that would prevent maps from being sent to others, hopefully this should fix blank screen issues for some. I'm still trying to track these issues down but this should help some cases.

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OwlbearRodeo/comments/gavu2g/beta_v120_release_saved_maps_and_reworked_drawing/)
