[embed:](https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y7sEgoopz4E)

## Major Changes

### Dice Rolling

Added a physically simulated dice tray and dice with a bunch of features.

- Single click dice rolling, simply click the icon for the type of dice you want to roll and it will roll it.
- Reroll all the dice in the tray by clicking the reroll icon or reroll an individual dice by picking it up and throwing it.
- Automatic dice total and roll breakdown.
- Physically based rendering for beautiful metal, plastic, glass, wood and stone dice.
- Two dice tray sizes, a small one for rolling while still seeing the map or a large one for when you have a lot of dice to roll.
- Intelligent rendering to allow the dice to only be drawn when there is movement, this allows there to be almost zero cost on battery life while the dice are inactive.

### Custom and New Default Tokens

Along with the ability to add your own custom tokens there are new default tokens.
The new tokens offer a wider variety of monster types as well as cover all official classes in D&D 5E. Replacing the token size input is a new add token button, clicking this will allow you to add and manage tokens. When adding a custom token there are a few options available.

- Default Size, select the default number of grid cells that the token will take up (for non square tokens this is the number of horizontal tiles).
- Is Mount / Vehicle, marking a token as a mount / vehicle does two things: first this token will always be shown below other tokens, second when moving this token any other token on top of the mount / vehicle will automatically be moved with it.
- Hide in Sidebar, marking this as true will hide the token in the main token bar on the side of the screen.

### Overhauled Map and Interaction System

Map, tokens, drawing and fog have all been unified into one system which leads to a lot of positives.

- Tokens can now be hidden by the fog of war allowing for more options when setting up a game in advance.
- Less bugs when interacting between map systems.
- Drawings and fog can now extend past the map.
- Tokens now have exact hit registration for dragging which is great for tokens with a lot of transparent parts.

## Minor Changes

- New size and rotation options for tokens once they've been placed on the map.
- Increased character limit for token labels.
- Token movement is now animated for other party members.
- A new visual display and method for deleting tokens from the map.

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OwlbearRodeo/comments/gshfrz/beta_v130_release_dice_rolling_and_custom_tokens/)

---

May 29 2020
