## Minor Changes

This release we're hoping to help with map load times to do this we added 2 new features:

1. Map and token sending now supports multiplexing which means you can now use the app while these elements load. This means that the old map and token loading screen that took up the whole map is now pushed to the bottom left of the map and doesn't prevent interaction.
2. For any new map uploaded multiple resolutions are automatically generated. This helps in two ways. First, before sending the full quality map to each player a preview of the map is sent. This should hopefully lower the time in which players are waiting to see any part of the map. Second, in the advanced map settings you can now select from one of these generated resolutions with the Quality option. This should allow you to easily change the quality of the map if sending is taking too long.

A lot of the underlying network code was changed to support this so there may still be a few bugs that we haven't come across yet, so if there are any issues let us know.

Along with this there are a few bug fixes and small enhancements as well:

- Fixed a bug that caused the drawing tools to dissapear on smaller screens when changing tools.
- Fixed keyboard shortcuts not working when interacting with elements other than the map.
- Added a volume slider for audio sharing on platforms that support controlling audio.
- Added a better function for determining which tokens are sitting on a token with the Vehicle / Mount option set.
- Fixed a bug when double clicking a map to select it while also pressing the remove map button.
- Fixed a bug where tokens couldn't get deleted when the cursor was on top of a fog shape.
- Changed token labels to scale with the token. This is limited so that the label doesn't get too large on huge creatures.

[Reddit]()
[Twitter]()

---

July 20 2020
