## Minor Changes

This release adds a few more features to the token system to make it a bit more versatile.

- Changed the Vehicle / Mount option for custom tokens to a new drop down with three options.
  - Character - this is the default option and behaves like the previous default token.
  - Prop - when selected this token will render beneath all other tokens. This should be good for things like items or markers.
  - Vehicle / Mount - when selected this token will render beneath characters but above props and when moved a character on top of this token will also be moved.
- Added a visibility toggle to tokens for GMs. This can be seen in the token menu. For the GM the token will become transparent but for other players it will be invisible. This should be useful for tracking invisible enemies.
- Added a lock toggle to tokens for GMs. This can be seen in the token menu. This should be useful with props that you don't want to accidentally grab and move around the map.
- Tokens are now sorted based off of how recently they were moved.
- Fixed a bug that caused tokens to not be placed in the center of your cursor when the map was zoomed.
- Fixed a bug that would cause maps to be blank when the map sender either disconnected or wasn't the person to start the game.
- Fixed a bug that could corrupt a map if the sender disconnected halfway through sending to another player.

[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OwlbearRodeo/comments/ii4ued/beta_v151_release_token_enhancements_and_bugfixes/)
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/owlbearrodeo/status/1299297188153946112?s=21)

---

August 28 2020
