## Major Changes

### Pointer Tool

Use a virtual laser pointer with the new pointer tool. Simply click and drag and all party members will be able to see your pointer. This should be helpful for when you want to quickly draw the attention of the other players to a specific part of the map or token.

### Countdown Timer

A new countdown timer tool allows you to create timed encounters. Whether it's a room filling with water or a crumbling tower about to collapse, the timer tool allows you to start a countdown that all players can see.

### Dice Sharing

A lot of changes have gone into the virtual dice this release.

The major two are:

1. There is a new share dice option that will show both your dice total but also a breakdown of all your rolled dice to each party member.
2. The UI to add dice is now to the side of the dice tray and displayed vertically which allows the dice UI to now scale across all screen sizes.

# Minor Changes

- The measure tool now has a scale option that allows you to add a scale and unit to the measurement values. The default is 5ft which will set each grid cell size to 5ft. This is then taken into account when taking measurements.
- For party members that are allowed to edit the fog it is now transparent while using other tools. This means GMs can always see what's under the fog now and can even move tokens that are hidden by fog. If you wish to get a preview of what other players will see there is a new option in the fog tool called Show Preview that can be enabled or disabled at any time.
- Fixed the spelling for the default rogue token.
- Fixed a bug that caused the dice throwing to not work if the dice was stationary for too long on Windows.
- Fixed a bug that caused the close button of the map select screen to select a map anyway.
- Added the ability to deselect maps in the map select screen by clicking outside of a map tile.
- Added a snap to grid option in the advanced map settings. Disabling this will disable all grid snapping features for a map.
- Added grid snapping for tokens. I was planning to add this when hex grid support was added but I liked it enough to add it now. For those who use hex grids you can disable the new snap to grid option to get the old functionality.
- Number inputs now behave better when typing by removing the prepended 0.
- Fog and drawing shapes now use different line endings which fixes issues with overhangs on three sided shapes.
- Tool settings are now saved across page refreshes this includes things like the shape tool colour, measurement units and also selected dice style.
