[embed:]()

## Major Changes

### Reworked Map and Token Select Screens

In this update we're looking to enhance the experience for GMs. The first aspect of this is an overhauled map and token select screen.

- Groups - Maps and tokens can now be organised into groups.
- Multiselect - Multiple maps and tokens can now be selected at once. This makes it easier to remove and reset maps and hide and show tokens. This also helps the usability of the new groups feature.
- Search - A new search box allows you to filter your maps and tokens by their names or groups.

### New Map and Token Edit Screens

Maps and tokens now have a new edit screen that allows you to adjust their various settings.

- Map Grid Editor - When editing a map you can now see an overlay of your grid settings right in the edit screen.
- Map Grid Inset Support - The Map Grid Editor can also be used to set up an inset to your grid settings. This means that maps that have borders or don't have perfectly aligned grids are now easily usable in Owlbear Rodeo.
- Token Grid Preview - Similar to the Map Grid Editor the token edit screen also shows you a preview of how many grid cells your token will take up.

### Automatic Grid Detection

This feature has been in the works for months and I'm incredibly happy to finally be able to share it with everyone. One of the questions we get asked most often is what is the best way to find the grid size of a map? To answer this we have spent the last few months building a machine learning model that is able automatically work out the grid size for you. Trained on thousands of battle maps the new neural network is run locally in your browser every time you upload a new map and will automatically find and fill out the columns and rows properties for you.

To get the best out of this feature maps should have somewhat of a visible grid on them, but if they don't have a grid we will still make the best guess we can.

Also this is definitely not the final version of automatic grid detection in Owlbear Rodeo, so expect this feature to get better and better as time goes on.

## Minor Changes

- Unified drop down menus to be consistent across browsers and platforms.
- Increased the maximum zoom amount of maps.
- Fixed disabled visuals for inputs in Safari.
- Fixed Audio Sharing volume control for desktop platforms.
- Moved the donation page into its own URL and made the donation button more visually distinct.
- Added option for custom donation amounts.

[Reddit]()
[Twitter]()

---

Oct 17 2020
